# Chapter 150: Building Code

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: [American Legal Publishing](https://codelibrary.amlegal.com/codes/covington/latest/covington_ky/0-0-0-25686)
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T16:40:51.928Z

---

§ 150.01  KENTUCKY BUILDING CODE AND KENTUCKY RESIDENTIAL CODE ADOPTED BY REFERENCE.    (A)   The Kentucky Building Code, promulgated in 815 KAR 7:120 and the Kentucky Residential Code promulgated in 815 KAR 7:125 by the Board of Housing, Buildings and Construction of the commonwealth are hereby adopted in their entirety and incorporated herein by reference.    (B)   Copies of the Kentucky Building Code and the applicable edition of the Kentucky Residential Code are on file in the offices of the City Clerk and the Northern Kentucky Area Planning Commission, and officials in those two offices shall at all times keep copies of said Building Codes for reference.    (C)   (1)   The Northern Kentucky Area Planning Commission is hereby designated as the local enforcement agency for the Kentucky Building Code.       (2)   All Building Code inspections shall be performed by persons certified by the state’s Department of Housing, Buildings and Construction.       (3)   All electrical inspections shall be performed by a certified inspector specifically approved by the state’s Department of Housing, Buildings and Construction.    (D)   Pursuant to KRS 198B.060(8), a building inspection program is hereby established in the city for application to all buildings, including single-family dwellings as provided in the adopted codes. (1984 Code, § 150.01)  (Ord. O-10-80, passed 2-5-1980; Ord. O-18-03, passed 4-15-2003; Ord. O-22-10, passed 6-28-2010; Ord. O-43-12, passed 11-27-2012)  § 150.02  NATIONAL ELECTRIC CODE ADOPTED BY REFERENCE.    (A)   The National Electric Code, as it may be amended, is hereby adopted in full by this section, and the same shall have the effect as if it were written fully herein, as a minimum standard for the construction, alteration and repair of any electrical wiring done within the effective area of this subchapter.    (B)   These standards shall be used by the Electrical Inspector in making his or her inspections. (1984 Code, § 150.02)  (Ord. O-46-90, passed 10-2-1990; Ord. O-22-10, passed 6-28-2010)  BUILDING INSPECTION AND ZONING ADMINISTRATION  § 150.15  BUILDING INSPECTOR; RECORDS REQUIRED.    The Building Inspector shall keep a permanent and accurate accounting of:    (A)   All permit fees and other moneys collected;    (B)   The names of all persons on whose account the money or fees was paid; and    (C)   The date and amount thereof. (1984 Code, § 150.10)  (Ord. O-75-67, passed 9-21-1967; Ord. O-22-10, passed 6-28-2010)  § 150.16  PERMIT REQUIRED.    (A)    Permit required.  No person shall commence any work on a building or structure or the construction of any physical improvement to real estate before obtaining the necessary permit from the city.    (B)    Permit issuance; payment of fees.       (1)   No building or zoning permit shall be issued until the prescribed fees shall have been paid.       (2)   No amendment to a permit shall be approved until the additional fee, if any, due to an increase in the estimated cost of the building or structure, shall have been paid.       (3)   On all buildings, structures or alterations requiring a building or zoning permit, the required fee shall be paid at the time of filing the application with the applicable city department. (1984 Code, § 150.11)  (Ord. O-75-67, passed 9-21-1967; Ord. O-22-10, passed 6-28-2010)  Penalty, see §  150.99  § 150.17  PERMIT FEES.    (A)   The city hereby adopts the Schedule of Fees below for the processing and issuing of zoning permits, building permits and for Board of Adjustment hearing fees.       (1)    Schedule of fees - residential. Residential Building Permit Fees Construction Type Fee Due w/app Bal Due Notes Residential Building Permit Fees Construction Type Fee Due w/app Bal Due Notes Accessory uses not listed herein $148 Total 3, 12, 16, 32 Addition $0.208/sf $200 Prior to permit 3, 16, 18, 19, 32 Alteration/remodel $0.208/sf $200 Prior to permit 1, 8, 16, 32 Basement finish $296 Total 3, 16, 25, 32 Condominium $0.208/sf $200 Prior to permit 8, 16, 32 Covered deck/porch $208 Total 3, 16, 23, 31, 32 Deck $148 Total 3, 16, 27, 32 Demolition $92 Total 3, 16, 28, 32 Electrical permit $30 Total 32, 33 Fence>6 ft. in height $92 Total 3, 16, 32 In-ground pool $415 Total 3, 10, 16, 32 Large accessory storage structure/detached garage $445 Total 3, 16, 18, 19, 32 Modular home/manufactured home $326 Total 3, 16, 24, 32 Move and set/permanent foundation $326 Total 3, 16, 30, 32 Repair $148 Total 3, 16, 20, 32 Residential mechanical See HVAC fee schedule Retaining wall $208 Total 3, 15, 16, 32 Single-family dwelling (detached) $0.208/sf $200 Prior to permit 8, 16, 22, 32 Small accessory storage structure $148 Total 3, 16, 17, 32 Small projects $92 Total 3, 16, 32, 35 Sun room $326 Total 3, 16, 32 Townhome $0.208/sf $200 Prior to permit 8, 16, 21, 32 Two-family dwelling $0.208/sf $200 Prior to permit 8, 16, 26, 32 Special Provisions Fee Due Notes Special Provisions Fee Due Notes Appeal of staff decision $356 With application N/A Construction without a permit Fee x 2 Total due w/application 3, 13, 32 Fast track processing Fee x 1.5 1.5 x amt due w/application 3, 6, 32 Foundation only $237 With application 2, 3, 32 Permit reissuance % of permit With reissuance 34 Plan revision (after 2 submittals) $130 At time of 3rd submission 3, 5, 32 Re-inspections (after 1 at no cost) $130 Prior to CO 3, 4, 32 Special inspections $208 Prior to CO 3, 7, 32 Residential Building Permits No. Notes: Definitions/Clarifications/Policies Residential Building Permits No. Notes: Definitions/Clarifications/Policies 1 Alteration/Remodel:  renovation of an existing structure or a finished area within a structure. 2 Foundation Only:  construction of the footers, slab and foundation prior to issuance of the building permit for the entire structure. (Requires an additional charge.) 3 Flat Fee:  a one-time fee for plan review, permitting, inspections and certificate of completion. 4 Reinspection Fee:  the letter that accompanies each building permit will state the number of inspections covered by the fee. Applicants will be permitted one free reinspection beyond those covered by the application fee. Additional reinspections require an additional charge. 5 Plan Revision:  two reviews of submitted plans (one initial and one re-submittal) are included in each application fee. Additional plan revisions require an additional charge. 6 Fast Track Processing:  review of building permit application and plans outside normal channels for time-sensitive projects. (Requires an additional charge.) 7 Special Inspection:  requested before or after hours inspections accommodated as staffing allows. 8 Square Footage Fee:  a one-time fee for plan review, permitting, inspections and certificate of completion based on the number derived from measuring total floor space at the subfloor level including the enclosing walls. (Includes basement area, first floor area, second floor area, garage, bonus room, covered deck. Excludes porches and uncovered decks and patios.) 9 Addition:  an addition to any structure located on a residential lot. 10 In-Ground Pool:  a swimming pool located below grade with a minimum water depth of 18 inches. 11 Above-Ground Pool:  a swimming pool located above grade with a minimum water depth of 18 inches. 12 Accessory Structures/Uses:  structures or uses not otherwise listed such as flag poles, solar panels and the like. 13 Construction without Permit:  commencing construction activities covered by the required building permit but without the permit. (Requires an additional charge.) 14 Residential Electric:  applicable when the project includes only electrical work such as lighting the outside of an existing structure or upgrading electrical service. 15 Retaining Wall:  a separate permit is required for each 200 lineal feet of retaining wall. 16 Calculating fees:  a separate fee is required for each “construction type” specified in the fee schedule even if the individual activities are part of the same project on the same site. 17 Small Acc Structure:  a structure consisting of between 120 and 400 square feet used for storage. 18 Large Acc Structure:  a structure of greater than 400 square feet used for storage. 19 Detached Garage:  an accessory structure used primarily for motor vehicle storage. 20 Repair:  reconstruction/repair of a structure on a residential lot. 21 Townhome:  a dwelling constructed in an attached grouping of 3 separated by a property line. 22 Single-Family Dwelling:  a dwelling not connected to any other dwelling. 23 Covered Deck:  a deck covered by a roof. (The fee covers both the deck and the roof.) 24 Modular Home:  an industrialized building system product not classified as a modular or mobile home, but which is used as a dwelling. 25 Finished Basement:  all activities that are part of the process of changing an unfinished basement into finished living space. 26 Two-Family Dwelling:  a structure containing no more than two attached dwellings. 27 Deck:  a structure typically built out of wood, with an exterior floor surface, without a roof, and attached to a dwelling on at least one side. 28 Demolition:  the complete or partial demolition of a structure on a residential lot. 29 Residential Mechanical:  $75 for first unit, $50 for second unit of two-family or $25 for each additional unit for multi-family. Price includes 3 inspections. 30 Move and Set:  all activities involved with moving a structure from one site to another. 31 Covered Porch:  a structure typically built with concrete, with an exterior floor surface, with a roof, and attached to a dwelling on at least one side. 32 Refunds:  all fees collected at the time of application are non-refundable. Once a permit is issued, all fees are non-refundable. 33 Residential Electric:  permit cards may be purchased in groups in advance. 34 Permit Reissuance:  % of actual permit fee based on % of project completed and approved. See grid. 35 Small Projects:  projects normally requiring only one inspection. Additional trips are extra.      (2)    Schedule of fees - commercial. Commercial Building Permit Fees Construction Type Fee Plus Due w/App Bal Due Notes 1K-5K sf 5001-30K sf >30K sf Commercial Building Permit Fees Construction Type Fee Plus Due w/App Bal Due Notes 1K-5K sf 5001-30K sf >30K sf Accessory structures/uses $297 $297 5, 18, 19, 21 Alteration/tenant finish $474 $0.213/s f $0.119/s f $0.06/sf $474 PTP 1, 2, 6, 13, 18, 19 Cellular tower/antenna colocation $296 $266 5, 18-20 Change of use $267 $240 5, 18, 19, 22 Deck $267 $240 5, 18, 19 Demolition $148 $133 5, 18, 19 Electrical permit $30 $30 15, 18, 19 Fence > 6 ft. in height $92 $80 5, 18, 19 Fire alarm $326 $408 $524 Full 5, 18, 19 Fire supp system  (4 - 200 heads) $326 $326 5, 18, 19 Fire supp system  (201 - 400 heads) $408 $408 5, 18, 19 Fire supp system  (>400 heads) $524 $524 5, 18, 19 Foundation only $296 $296 3, 16, 19 HVAC See HVAC fee schedule. New structure/additions: industrial, warehouse $1,18 6 $0.119/s f $0.06/sf $1,186 PTP 6, 13, 18, 19 New structure: business/mercantile, assembly and other use groups $1,18 6 $0.178/s f $0.09/sf $1,186 PTP 6, 13, 18, 19 Other fire supp system $326 $326 5, 18, 19 Range hood/suppression $326 $326 5, 10, 18, 19 Repair $356 $356 5, 18, 19 Retaining wall $208 $208 5, 17, 18, 19 Shell $593 $593 4, 6, 18, 19 Sign $166 $166 5, 18, 19 State co-permits 50% Full 18, 19, 23 Swimming pool $415 $415 5, 18, 19 Temporary tents $166 $166 5, 16, 18, 19   Special Provisions Fee Due Notes Special Provisions Fee Due Notes Annual permits Above fee plus With application 24 Appeal of staff decision $356 With application N/A Construction without permit Above fee x 2 Total due with app 14, 19 Fast track processing Above fee x 1.5 1.5 x amount due w/application 9, 19 Permit reissuance % of permit fee With application 25 Plan revisions (after 2 submittals) $237 At time of 3rd submission 8 Re-inspections (after 1 at no cost) $155 Prior to CO 7 Special inspections $237 Prior to CO 12, 19   Commercial Building Permits No. Notes: Definitions/Clarifications/Policies Commercial Building Permits No. Notes: Definitions/Clarifications/Policies 1 Tenant Finish:  new construction within a vacant non-residential space. 2 Alteration:  renovation of an existing structure or a finished area within a structure. 3 Foundation Only:  construction of the footers, slab and foundation prior to issuance of the building permit for the entire structure. (Requires an additional charge paid at the time of application.) 4 Shell:  construction of the new structure that excludes all interior work except stairwells and elevator shafts. Certificates of occupancy are not issued for shells. A shell permit requires a stand-alone application unrelated to the full application that will follow. 5 Flat Fee:  a one-time fee for plan review, permitting, inspections and certificate of completion. 6 Square Footage Fee:  the total fee due includes the base fee plus the square footage times the multiplier shown. 7 Reinspection Fee:  the letter that accompanies each building permit will state the number of inspections covered by the fee. Applicants will be permitted one free reinspection per permit; additional reinspections require an additional charge. 8 Plan Revision:  2 reviews of submitted plans (1 initial and 1 resubmittal) are included in each application fee. Additional plan revisions require an additional charge. 9 Fast Track Processing:  review of building permit application and plans outside normal channels for time sensitive projects. (Requires an additional charge.) 10 Range Hood:  each hood being installed requires a separate fee. 11 Range Hood Fire Suppression:  each fire suppression system being installed requires a separate fee. 12 Special Inspection:  requested before or after business hours inspection accommodated as staffing allows. 13 Basis for Square Footage Fees:  new construction and additions are calculated from the outside dimensions of the building, plus all floor areas including all unfinished areas. Tenant finish fees are based on the entire square footage of the tenant space. Interior alterations are based on the square footage of the area being renovated. 14 Construction w/o a Permit:  commencing construction activities covered by the required building permit but without the permit. (Requires an additional charge.) 15 Commercial Electric:  permit cards may be purchased in groups in advance. 16 Sign/Tent:  fee covers all sign or tents being installed. If both, then one fee for each type to be erected. 17 Retaining Wall:  a separate permit is required for each 200 lineal feet of retaining wall. 18 Calculating fees:  a separate fee is required for each “construction type” specified in the fee schedule even in the individual activities are part of the same project on the same site. 19 Refunds:  all fees collected at the time of application are non-refundable. Once a permit is issued, all fees are non-refundable. 20 Cellular Antenna Tower:  an application and permit are required for new construction as well as for co-locating new antennae on an existing structure and thereby expanding its scope/intensity. Not required for replacement. 21 Accessory Structure/Use:  structures or uses not otherwise listed such as flag poles, paint booths, overhead cranes, playground equipment, site place/telescoping, bleachers and the like. 22 Change of Use:  changing the use of a structure or a space within it from one Use Group to another, as defined by the State Building Code. 23 State Co-Permits:  required by state law, these permit fees cover inspections not performed by state personnel. (Minimum fee is $200; maximum is 50% of normal NKAPC fee.) 24 Annual Permits:  construction value plus a per-trip fee based on $45/hour after the first inspection. 25 Permit Reissuance:  % of actual permit fee based on % of project completed and approved. See grid.   SCHEDULE OF FEES - ZONING ADMINISTRATION Activity Fee SCHEDULE OF FEES - ZONING ADMINISTRATION Activity Fee Board of Adjustments $350 Change of use $80 Home occupations $53 Sign deposit for BOA hearings refundable on return $35 Zoning permits    Accessory structures/uses $80    Commercial/industrial $213    Multi-family $160    Signs $107    Single-family $107    Two-family $107   No. Notes:  Definitions/Clarifications/Policies No. Notes:  Definitions/Clarifications/Policies 1 Alteration/Remodel:   renovation of an existing structure or a finished area within a structure. 2 Foundation Only:   construction of the footers, slab and foundation prior to issuance of the building permit for the entire structure. (Requires an additional charge) 3 Flat Fee:  a one-time fee for plan review, permitting, inspections and certificate of completion. 4 Re-inspection Fee:   the letter that accompanies each building permit will state the number of inspections covered by the fee. Applicants will be permitted 1 free re-inspection beyond those covered by the application fee. Additional re-inspections require an additional charge. 5 Plan Revision:  2 reviews of submitted plans (one initial and one re-submittal) are included in each application fee. Additional plan revisions require an additional charge. 6 Special Inspection:  requested before or after hours inspections accommodated as staffing allows. 7 Square Footage Fee:  a one-time fee for plan review, permitting, inspections and certificate of completion based on the number derived from measuring total floor space at the subfloor level including the enclosing walls. (Includes basement area, first floor area, second floor area, garage, bonus room, covered deck. Excludes porches and uncovered decks and patios.) 8 Addition:   an addition to any structure located on a residential lot. 9 In-Ground Pool:   a swimming pool located below grade with a minimum water depth of 18 inches. 10 Above-Ground Pool:   a swimming pool located above grade with a minimum water depth of 18 inches. 11 Accessory Structures/Uses:   structures or uses not otherwise listed such as flag poles and the like. 12 Construction w/o Permit:   commencing construction activities covered by the required building permit but without the permit. (Requires and additional charge.) 13 Retaining Wall:   a separate permit is required for each 200 lineal feet of retaining wall. 14 Calculating fees:   a separate fee is required for each “construction type” specified in the fee schedule even if the individual activities are part of the same project on the same site. 15 Small Acc Storage Structure:  a structure consisting of between 120 and 250 square feet used for storage. 16 Lg Acc Storage Structure:  a structure of greater than 250 square feet used for storage. 17 Detached Garage:  an accessory structure used primarily for motor vehicle storage. 18 Repair:  reconstruction/repair of a structure on a residential lot. 19 Townhome:  a dwelling constructed in an attached grouping of three separated by a property line. 20 Single-Family Dwelling:  a dwelling not connected to any other dwelling. 21 Covered Deck:  a deck covered by a roof. (The fee covers both the deck and the roof.) 22 Modular Home:  an industrialized building system product not classified as a modular or mobile home but which is used as a dwelling. 23 Finished Basement:  all activities that are part of the process of changing an unfinished basement into finished living space. 24 Two-Family Dwelling:  a structure containing no more than two attached dwellings. 25 Deck:  a structure typically built out of wood, with an exterior floor surface, without a roof, and attached to a dwelling on at least one side. 26 Demolition:  the complete or partial demolition of a structure on a residential lot. 27 Residential Mechanical:  applicable when the project includes a mechanical work such as repair, replacement or installation of furnaces, boilers, water heaters, condenser units and the like per dwelling unit. 28 Move and Set:  all activities involved with moving a structure from one site to another. 29 Covered Porch:  a structure typically built with concrete, with an exterior floor surface, with a roof, and attached to a dwelling on at least one side. 30 Refunds:  all fees collected at the time of application are non-refundable. Once a permit is issued, all fees are non-refundable.      (B)   In order for the schedule of fees above to continue to reflect the increasing inflationary costs of administration of the above programs, the fees shall, on an annual basis, be adjusted by the City Manager and City Finance Director to reflect any increase that would be necessary with the conventional application of the Consumer Price Index as promulgated by the state’s Office for Local Government to these fees. Based on this calculation, the fees shall be increased annually and the schedule of fees shall be so amended by operation of this provision.    (C)   (1)    HVAC installation permit fees - one- and two-family dwellings.  The fee for each heating, ventilation or air conditioning system installation permit for one- and two-family dwellings shall be $75 for the first system, plus $50 for each additional system.       (2)    HVAC installation permit fees - multi-family dwellings . The fee for each heating, ventilation or air conditioning system installation permit for multi-family dwellings other than duplexes, shall be $75 for the first system, plus $25 for each additional system.       (3)    HVAC Installation permit fees - commercial .          (a)   The fee for each heating, ventilation or air conditioning system installation permit other than one- or two- and multi-family dwellings shall be based upon the total dollar value of each HVAC installation, either actual or estimated.          (b)   1.   It shall be the obligation of the installing contractor to supply the complete value, including labor and material costs regardless of the purchaser.             2.   Except as provided in this division (C)(3), an exact figure does not need to be quoted or divulged to the HVAC inspector or department.             3.   The permit application shall include an affirmative, signed statement that the true value lies within certain limits, as listed in the left column of the table in division (C)(3)(b)3.b. below.                a.   The fees for heating, ventilation or air conditioning system installation are listed in the right column of the table; and                b.   The department may request documented proof of costs from the permit applicant if the true value is in question. HVAC Permit Fees (set by the state’s Department of Housing, Buildings and Construction) 
													Residential Fee* HVAC Permit Fees (set by the state’s Department of Housing, Buildings and Construction) 
													Residential Fee* 1- and 2-family dwellings (first system) $75 1- and 2-family dwellings (each additional system) $50 Multi-family buildings (first system) $75 Multi-family buildings (each additional system) $25 Commercial (amount based on total dollar value of the HVAC installation) Fee* $2,000 or less $75 $2,001 to $10,000 $150 $10,001 to $25,000 $225 $25,001 to $50,000 $275 $50,001 to $75,000 $325 $75,001 to $100,000 $435 $100,001 to $150,000 $550 $150,001 to $200,000 $660 $200,001 to $250,000 $770 $250,001 to $300,000 $890 $300,001 to $400,000 $1,000 $400,001 to $500,000 $1,350 $500,001 to $600,000 $1,500 $600,001 to $700,000 $1,650 $700,001 to $800,000 $1,850 $800,001 to $900,000 $2,050 $900,001 to $1,000,000 $2,250 $1,000,001 to $1,100,000 $2,450 $1,100,001 to $1,200,000 $2,650 $1,200,001 to $1,300,000 $2,850 $1,300,001 to $1,400,000 $3,050 $1,400,001 to $1,500,000 $3,250 $1,500,001 and above $3,450   (1984 Code, § 150.12)  (Ord. O-22-10, passed 6-28-2010; Ord. O-01-11, passed 2-8-2011; Ord. O-05-11, passed 4-5-2011; Ord. O-36-12, passed 10-23-2012)      

 Texte d'origine Évaluez cette traduction Votre avis nous aidera à améliorer Google Traduction
