# Chapter 151: Fire and Safety Codes

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: [American Legal Publishing](https://codelibrary.amlegal.com/codes/covington/latest/covington_ky/0-0-0-25822)
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T16:40:51.928Z

---

§ 151.01 ADOPTION OF FIRE CODES BY REFERENCE. § 151.02 ADOPTION OF STATE STANDARDS OF SAFETY BY REFERENCE. § 151.03 ENFORCEMENT. § 151.99 PENALTY. CHAPTER 152: PROPERTY MAINTENANCE CODE CHAPTER 153: UNIFORM RESIDENTIAL LANDLORD AND TENANT ACT CHAPTER 154: MOBILE HOMES CHAPTER 155: RENTAL DWELLING LICENSING CHAPTER 156: COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CHAPTER 157: SUBDIVISIONS CHAPTER 158: NEIGHBORHOOD DEVELOPMENT CODE CHAPTER 159: HISTORIC COVINGTON DESIGN GUIDELINES TABLE OF SPECIAL ORDINANCES PARALLEL REFERENCES  CHAPTER 151: FIRE AND SAFETY CODES    CHAPTER 151:  FIRE AND SAFETY CODES Section     151.01    Adoption of fire codes by reference     151.02    Adoption of state standards of safety by reference     151.03    Enforcement       151.99    Penalty  § 151.01  ADOPTION OF FIRE CODES BY REFERENCE.    (A)   The National Fire Codes, published by the National Fire Protection Association, is adopted and by this reference made a part of this chapter, with the same force and effect as if set out in full herein, and as amended from time to time, as the official fire code of the city.    (B)   Copies of all volumes of the National Fire Codes in their entirety shall be on file in the office of the city’s Fire Department, Fire Prevention Bureau, for public inspection and use. (1984 Code, § 151.01)  (Ord. O-25-08, passed 8-19-2008)  § 151.02  ADOPTION OF STATE STANDARDS OF SAFETY BY REFERENCE.    (A)   The latest edition of the Standards of Safety, and all codes a part thereof, as promulgated by the office of the state’s Fire Marshal of the Department of Insurance of the commonwealth, are adopted in full and by this reference made a part of this chapter with the same force and effect as if set out at length herein.    (B)    Copies of the above adopted standards are on file in the office of the Clerk for public inspection and use. (1984 Code, § 151.02)  (Ord. O-27-71, passed 5-6-1971; Ord. O-13-94, passed 4-12-1994)  § 151.03  ENFORCEMENT.    (A)   In any case where a provision of this chapter is found to be in conflict with any existing code, ordinance or regulation of the city, the provision which establishes the higher standards shall prevail.    (B)    The administration of this section shall be the responsibility of the Fire Chief, or his or her designee, with communication and cooperation with applicable city staff and agencies including, but not limited to, City Code Enforcement Officers, building officials and police officers, to assure uniform and equal enforcement of the provisions of applicable National Fire Codes (1984 Code, § 151.03)  (Ord. O-54-74, passed 5-23-1974; Ord. O-17-81, passed 4-7-1981; Ord. O-18-81, passed 4-7-1981; Ord. O-13-94, passed 4-12-1994; Ord. O-31-01, passed 8-7-2001; Ord. O-83-03, passed 12-16-2003; Ord. O-25-20, passed 12-1-2020)  Penalty, see §  151.99  § 151.99  PENALTY.    (A)   Any person who violates any provision, rule or regulation made under §  151.03  of this chapter and the National Fire Codes, or who induces another to violate any provision, rule or regulation of §  151.03  and the National Fire Codes, on conviction, shall be fined not less than $25, nor more than $1,000, or confined in the county jail for not more than 60 days, or both. Each day such violations exist shall, in the discretion of the court, be considered as a separate offense.    (B)   In addition to or in the alternative of the penalty set forth in division (A) above, the city may impose a civil penalty of not less than $250, or more than $500, on any person, firm or corporation violating the provisions of this chapter, as authorized under KRS 83A.065, and for purposes of calculating the civil penalty, each day that the person, firm or corporation violates this or any provision thereof may be deemed a separate offense. (1984 Code, § 151.99)  (Ord. O-18-81, passed 4-7-1981; Ord. O-13-94, passed 4-12-1994; Ord. O-83-03, passed 12-16-2003)
