# Chapter 110: License Fees and Taxes

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: [American Legal Publishing](https://codelibrary.amlegal.com/codes/covington/latest/covington_ky/0-0-0-22345)
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T16:40:51.928Z

---

§ 110.01  DEFINITIONS.    For the purpose of this business title, the following definitions shall apply unless the context clearly indicates or requires a different meaning.     BUSINESS.  Any enterprise, activity, trade, occupation, profession or undertaking of any nature conducted for gain or profit.  BUSINESS  shall also include specifically but not exclusively the rental or offering of rent of any property, real or personal, having a site in the city; but shall not include the usual activities of board of trade, chambers of commerce, trade associations or unions or other associations performing services usually performed by trade associations or unions.  BUSINESS  shall not include funds, foundations, corporations or associations organized and operated for the exclusive and sole purpose of religious, charitable, scientific, literary, educational, civic or fraternal purposes, where no part of the earnings, incomes or receipts of such unit, group or association, inures to the benefit of any private shareholder or other person.     BUSINESS ENTITY.  Each separate corporation, limited liability company, business development corporation, partnership, limited partnership, registered limited liability partnership, sole proprietorship, association, joint stock company, receivership, trust, professional service organization or other legal entity through which business is conducted.     BUSINESS REGULATORY LICENSE.  A license required by the City of Covington for the purpose of regulating business activities and operations within the city. The term “business license” may be used interchangeable with  BUSINESS REGULATORY LICENSE  for purpose of convenience and both terms shall have the same meaning and effect.     BUSINESS REGULATORY LICENSE FEE.  A fee required by the city for each business regulatory license, pursuant to KRS 82.082 and the regulating business activities and operations within the city, including police power thereof, to provide the  funds necessary to pay the expenses of, without limitation the expense of issuing business regulatory licenses.     CITY.  The City of Covington, Kentucky.     CODE ENFORCEMENT OFFICER.  As used in this chapter, any employee working under the direction of the Director of the Code Enforcement Department or his or her designee, exclusive of clerical staff, any employee working under the direction of the Director of the Finance Department or his or her designee, exclusive of clerical staff, as well as police and fire safety officers.     COMPENSATION.  Wages, salaries, commis- sions or any other form of remuneration paid or payable by an employer for services performed by an employee, which are required to be reported for federal income tax purposes and adjusted to include the following:       (1)   Any amounts contributed by an employee to any retirement, profit sharing or deferred compensation plan, which are deferred for federal income tax purposes under a salary reduction agreement or similar arrangement, including, but not limited to, salary reduction arrangements under I.R.C. §§ 401(a), 401(k), 402(e), 403(a), 403(b), 408, 414(h) or 457; and       (2)   Any amounts contributed by an employee to any welfare benefit, fringe benefit or other benefit plan made by salary reduction or other payment method which permits employees to elect to reduce federal taxable compensation under the Internal Revenue Code, including, but not limited to, I.R.C. §§ 125 and 132.     CONCLUSION OF THE FEDERAL AUDIT.  The date that the adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service to net income as reported on the business entity’s federal income tax return become final and unappealable.     EMPLOYEE.       (1)   Any person who renders services to another person or any business entity for compensation, including an officer of a corporation and any officer, employee or elected official of the United States, a state or any political subdivision of a state or any agency of instrumentality of any one or more of the above; and       (2)   A person classified as an independent contractor under the Internal Revenue Code shall not be considered an  EMPLOYEE .     EMPLOYER.  The person for whom an individual performs or performed any service, of whatever nature, as the employee of such person; except that:       (1)   If the person for whom the individual performs or performed the services does not have control of the payment of the wages for such services, the term  EMPLOYER  means the person having control of the payment of such wages; and       (2)    In the case of a person paying wages on behalf of a non-resident alien individual, foreign partnership or foreign corporation, not engaged in trade or business within the United States, the term  EMPLOYER  means such person.     FINAL DETERMINATION OF THE FEDERAL AUDIT.  The revenue agent’s report or other documents reflecting the final and unappealable adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service.     FISCAL YEAR.  An accounting period of 12 months, ending on the last day of any month other than December.     FLEA MARKET.  The renting of booth space by one person to another for the sale of retail items.     INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR.  Any person who meets the criteria of the Official Treasury Regulation 31.3401(c)-1.     INTERNAL REVENUE CODE . The Internal Revenue Code in effect on 12-31-2008, exclusive of any amendments made subsequent to that  date, other than amendments that extend provisions in effect on 12-31-2008, that would otherwise terminate, and as in effect in subsequent years on December 31 of those subsequent years.     NET PROFIT.  Gross income, as defined in I.R.C. § 61, minus all the deductions from gross income allowed by I.R.C. Ch. 1, and adjusted as follows:       (1)   Include any amount claimed as a deduction for state tax or local tax that is computed, in whole or in part, by reference to gross or net income and that is paid or accrued to any state of the United States, local taxing authority in a state, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, any territory or possession of the United States or any foreign country or political subdivision thereof;       (2)   Include any amount claimed as a deduction that directly or indirectly is allocable to income that is either exempt from taxation or otherwise not taxed;       (3)   Include any amount claimed as a net operating loss carryback or carryforward allowed under I.R.C. § 172;       (4)   Include any amount of income and expenses passed through separately as required by the Internal Revenue Code to an owner of a business entity that is a pass-through entity for federal tax purposes; and       (5)   Exclude any amount of income that is exempt from state taxation by the Kentucky Constitution or the Constitution and statutory laws of the United States.     REAL PROPERTY.  All types of real estate including commercial property, residential property and farm property.     RETURN  or  REPORT.  Any properly completed and, if required, signed form, statement, certification, declaration or any other document permitted or required to be submitted or filed with the city.     SALES REVENUE.  Receipts from the sale, lease or rental of goods, services or property.     TAX DISTRICT.  Any city of the first through fifth class, county, urban county, charter county, consolidated local government, school district, special taxing district or any other statutorily created entity with the authority to levy net profits, gross receipts or occupational license taxes.     TAXABLE NET PROFIT.  In case of a business entity having payroll or sales revenue only within the city means net profit as defined above.     TAXABLE NET PROFIT.  In case of a business entity having payroll or sales revenue both within and without the city means net profit as defined above, and as apportioned under §  110.05  of this chapter.     TAXABLE YEAR.  The calendar year or fiscal year ending during the calendar year, upon the basis of which net profit is computed. (1984 Code, § 110.01)  (Ord. O-70-66, passed 12-1-1966; Ord. O-54-78, passed 6-24-1978; Ord. O-88-78, passed 8-17-1978; Ord. O-77-82, passed 11-30-1982; Ord. O-78-82, passed 11-30-1982; Ord. O-93-82, passed 1-11-1983; Ord. O-5-96, passed 3-6-1996; Ord. O-47-01, passed 11-13-2001; Ord. O-65-04, passed 12-7-2004; Ord. O-34-05, passed 6-21-2005; Ord. O-52-08, passed 12-2-2008; Ord. O-18-19, passed 6-24-2019)      

 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
