# Chapter 158: Neighborhood Development Code

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: [American Legal Publishing](https://codelibrary.amlegal.com/codes/covington/latest/covington_ky/0-0-0-27395)
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T16:40:51.929Z

---

§ 158.01  NEIGHBORHOOD DEVELOPMENT CODE ADOPTED.    The new Zoning Code, which shall be more commonly known as the Neighborhood Development Code and which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, and any amendments thereto, is hereby adopted and incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. The Neighborhood Development Code is publicly available in electronic form at: https://online.encodeplus.com/regs/covington-ky/doc-viewer.aspx#secid-541 (1984 Code, § 158.01)  (Ord. O-37-06, passed 8-15-2006; Ord. O-22-20, passed 9-22-2020; Ord. O-13-21, passed 9-28-2021; Ord. O-09-22, passed 4-12-2022; Ord. O-24-22, passed 11-29-2022; Ord. O-25-22, passed 11-29-2022; Ord. O-05-23, passed 5-23-2023; Ord. O-13-23, passed 8-8-2023; Ord. O-03-24, passed 3-12-2024; Ord. O-11-24, passed 6-11-2024; Ord. O-16-24, passed 6-25-2024; Ord. O-33-24, passed 11-19-2024; Ord. O-02-2025, passed 4-8-2025; Ord. O-08-2025, passed 6-10-2025)  EMERGENCY TEMPORARY MORATORIUM ON ACCEPTANCE OF NEW APPLICATIONS FOR AND  ISSUANCE OF CONDITIONAL USE PERMITS FOR SHORT-TERM RENTAL DWELLINGS  § 158.02  MORATORIUM.    The recent increase in short-term rentals in the city has had detrimental effects on the residential character of neighborhoods and the community's affordable housing stock, thereby creating an emergency. The city hereby temporarily prohibits the issuance of new conditional use permits for short-term rental dwellings and prohibits the acceptance, review, and processing by the city's authorized staff and Board of Architectural Review and Development of any applications for conditional use permits for short- term rental dwellings within the city limits pending further study, enactment, and effect of new or amended short-term rental ordinances. This emergency ordinance shall not prohibit the issuance of conditional use permits for short-term rental dwellings to persons who submitted applications for such permits prior to the effective date of this emergency ordinance.  Furthermore, the City Manager, or the designee of the City Manager, may issue licenses to those who have already obtained a conditional use permit for short-term rental dwellings. (Ord. O-30-22, passed 12-20-2022)  § 158.03  TERM; RENEWAL.    For the reasons set forth above, an emergency is hereby declared to exist and the provisions of this emergency ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its adoption by a vote of 2/3 or more of the legislative body. This emergency ordinance shall terminate and be of no further effect six months from the effective date of this emergency ordinance unless the City Board of Commissioners extends the moratorium or terminates the moratorium. If an extension or termination is approved, the city will publish notice of its adoption. (Ord. O-30-22, passed 12-20-2022)  § 158.04  VALIDITY AND SEVERABILITY.    Should any portion of this emergency ordinance be found invalid for any reason, such holding shall not be construed as affecting the validity of the remaining portions of this ordinance. (Ord. O-30-22, passed 12-20-2022)  § 158.05  REPEAL.    All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed only to the extent necessary to give this ordinance full force and effect. (Ord. O-30-22, passed 12-20-2022)      

 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
