# Chapter 152: Property Maintenance Code

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: [American Legal Publishing](https://codelibrary.amlegal.com/codes/covington/latest/covington_ky/0-0-0-25844)
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T16:40:51.928Z

---

§ 152.01  TITLE; SCOPE; CONFLICT WITH OTHER ORDINANCES.    (A)   This subchapter shall be known and may be cited as the “Property Maintenance Code”.    (B)   This subchapter shall apply to every building, structure or appurtenance connected or attached to such building or structure within the city.    (C)   In any case where a provision of this subchapter is found to be in conflict with any existing code, ordinance or regulation of the city, the provision which establishes the higher standard shall prevail, except for the provisions of the State Building Code. (1984 Code, § 152.01)  (Ord. O-69-80, passed 11-4-1980; Ord. O-83-03, passed 12-16-2003)  § 152.02  BUILDING OFFICIAL.    (A)   The administration of this subchapter shall be the responsibility of the City Manager, or his or her designee, in close cooperation with the Fire Chief, the county’s Health Department and other officials and agencies; he or she may seek written opinions concerning the conditions of dwellings or other buildings.    (B)   The City Manager, or his or her designee, and his or her assistants shall be free from personal liability for acts done in good faith in the performance of official duties.    (C)   The City Manager, or his or her designee, or any one of his or her assistants shall not have a financial interest in the furnishing of labor, material or appliances for the construction, alteration or maintenance of a building, except where he or she is the owner, and shall not act as an agent for real estate sales, leases or rentals.    (D)   (1)   The City Manager, or his or her designee, is authorized to conduct surveys and make inspections in any area of the community to determine compliance with this subchapter or other ordinance he or she is empowered to enforce.       (2)   The City Manager, or his or her designee, shall investigate all complaints whether they be verbal, written or in the form of a petition alleging or charging that a violation of this subchapter exists or that a building or dwelling is unfit or unsafe for human habitation or other occupancy.       (3)   For the purpose of making such surveys, inspections and investigations, the Director of Code Enforcement and his or her assistants are authorized, on identification and statement of purpose, to enter, inspect, survey and investigate between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., or at any time if an emergency exists, or if requested by the owner or occupant, all buildings, dwellings, dwelling units, rooming units and general premises. The owner or occupant of every building, dwelling, dwelling unit, rooming unit and general premises, or the person in charge thereof, shall give the City Manager, or his or her designee, free access to such building, dwelling, dwelling unit, rooming unit or general premises for the purpose of such inspection, survey or investigation.    (E)   The City Manager, or his or her designee, shall keep records of all complaints received, inspection reports, orders and complaints issued and of other actions taken. The records shall be available for public inspection. He or she shall prepare an annual report including statistics based on the records kept. (1984 Code, § 152.02)  (Ord. O-69-80, passed 11-4-1980; Ord. O-31-01, passed 8-7-2001; O-16-20, passed 8-11-2020)  § 152.03  CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY.    (A)   After the effective date of this subchapter, for any vacant building or building which is ordered vacant, where a notice of violation of this subchapter has been issued by the City Manager, or his or her designee, no person shall re-occupy or let to another to re-occupy any dwelling, dwelling unit, rooming house or rooming unit in the building until a certificate of occupancy has been issued.    (B)   The city, or its agent or designee, shall issue a certificate of occupancy in the name of the owner as defined herein for every building in the city inspected and found to be in conformity with this subchapter and other local and state housing and building requirements.    (C)   A certificate of occupancy shall be issued within seven days after application therefor or a statement shall be given, in writing, specifying the reasons why a certificate of occupancy cannot be issued.    (D)   Whenever any building is found to contain violations of this subchapter, the City Manager, or his or her designee, shall give notice that unless the violations are corrected within a reasonable period of time, the certificate of occupancy will be revoked, subject to appeal before the local Board of Housing, Building and Construction Appeals. (1984 Code, § 152.04)  (Ord. O-69-80, passed 11-4-1980; Ord. O-31-01, passed 8-7-2001; Ord. O-16-20, passed 8-11-2020)  Penalty, see §  152.99  § 152.04  LIABILITY.    No officer, agent or employee of the city shall render himself or herself personally liable for any act required or permitted in the discharge of duties under this subchapter and any suit on such a claim shall be defended by the City Attorney until the final determination. (1984 Code, § 152.08)  (Ord. O-69-80, passed 11-4-1980)
