# Chapter 155: Rental Dwelling Licensing

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: [American Legal Publishing](https://codelibrary.amlegal.com/codes/covington/latest/covington_ky/0-0-0-26318)
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T16:40:51.929Z

---

§ 155.01 PURPOSE. § 155.02 GENERAL PROVISIONS. § 155.03 DEFINITIONS. § 155.04 RESPONSIBILITIES OF OWNERS OR MANAGING AGENTS. § 155.05 RENTAL DWELLING LICENSE. § 155.06 ISSUANCE AND DURATION OF RENTAL DWELLING LICENSE; FEES. § 155.07 RENEWAL OF RENTAL DWELLING LICENSE. § 155.08 DENIAL OF RENTAL DWELLING LICENSE. § 155.09 VACATION OF AFFECTED RENTAL DWELLINGS. § 155.10 REMEDIES NOT EXCLUSIVE. § 155.99 PENALTY. CHAPTER 156: COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CHAPTER 157: SUBDIVISIONS CHAPTER 158: NEIGHBORHOOD DEVELOPMENT CODE CHAPTER 159: HISTORIC COVINGTON DESIGN GUIDELINES TABLE OF SPECIAL ORDINANCES PARALLEL REFERENCES  CHAPTER 155: RENTAL DWELLING LICENSING    CHAPTER 155:  RENTAL DWELLING LICENSING Section     155.01    Purpose     155.02    General provisions     155.03    Definitions     155.04    Responsibilities of owners or managing agents     155.05    Rental dwelling license     155.06    Issuance and duration of rental dwelling license; fees     155.07    Renewal of rental dwelling license     155.08    Denial of rental dwelling license     155.09    Vacation of affected rental dwellings     155.10    Remedies not exclusive       155.99    Penalty  § 155.01  PURPOSE.    (A)   It is the purpose of this chapter to promote the health, safety and welfare of residents and of occupants of rental dwellings in the city.    (B)   By requiring the registration of all rental dwelling units, it is the city’s intent to ensure that rental housing is safe, sanitary and properly operated and maintained in continued compliance with all applicable regulations to meet basic housing maintenance requirements and to not become a nuisance to the neighborhood and community. (1984 Code, § 155.01)  (Ord. O-17-20, passed 8-11-2020)  § 155.02  GENERAL PROVISIONS.    (A)   All persons renting residential property in the city must obtain a rental dwelling license. This chapter shall apply to all rental dwellings and rental dwelling units as defined herein, including single-family residential dwellings and dwelling units in otherwise owner-occupied dwellings, including, but not limited to, boarding houses, condominiums, townhouses and leasehold cooperatives.    (B)   The requirement to obtain a rental dwelling license shall not apply to rental dwellings owned by governmental agencies as public housing. However, such rental dwellings shall be subject to the remaining provisions hereof, in particular the licensing standards and conditions.    (C)   The provisions hereof shall not apply to licensed hotels or motels, bed and breakfast establishments, jails, convents, monasteries, nursing homes, board and care homes, parsonages, parish houses, rectories or hospitals. (1984 Code, § 155.02)  (Ord. O-17-20, passed 8-11-2020)  § 155.03  DEFINITIONS.    (A)    Meaning of certain words.  Whenever the words  BUILDING, BUILDING UNIT, DWELLING. DWELLING UNIT, PREMISES  and  STRUCTURE  are used in this chapter, they shall be construed as though they are followed by the words “or any part thereof or any premises accessory thereto”. Words used in the singular include the plural and the plural the singular, the masculine gender includes the feminine and the feminine the masculine.    (B)    Generally.  For the purpose of this chapter, the following definitions shall apply unless the context clearly indicates or requires a different meaning.        APPLICANT.  Any owner or managing agent applying for a rental dwelling license.        BOARD.  The Code Enforcement Board established by Ch. 92 of the city’s code of ordinances.        BUILDING.  A fixed construction with walls, foundation and roof, such as a house, factory and garage.        DWELLING UNIT.  A room, or group of rooms forming a single habitable unit, including mobile homes, used or available for use for living or sleeping purposes.  DWELLING UNIT  shall not include a room in a rooming house or a sleeping room let to another in any house.  DWELLING UNIT  shall not include hotels, suite hotels or motels that primarily rent rooms on a daily or weekly basis.        KENTUCKY BUILDING CODE.  The statewide Building Code adopted pursuant to KRS 198B.010 et seq.        KENTUCKY STANDARDS OF SAFETY.  The Kentucky Standards of Safety (Fire Prevention Code), as promulgated in Chapter 10, Title 81.5 of the Kentucky Administrative Regulations by the State Commissioner of the Department of Housing, Buildings and Construction, on the advice and recommendation of the State Fire Marshal, and all codes adopted by reference therein.        MANAGING AGENT.  Any person responsible for the maintenance or operation of any residential rental property.        NUISANCE CODE.  Ch. 92 of the city’s code of ordinances.        OCCUPANT.  Any individual having possession of a premises or any individual over one year of age, living, sleeping, cooking or eating in or having possession of a dwelling unit or a rooming unit; except that in dwelling units a guest shall not be considered an occupant.        OWNER.  Any person who, alone or jointly or severally with others:          (a)   Shall have legal title to any premise, building or building unit, with or without accompanying actual possession thereof; or          (b)   Shall have charge/care, or control of any premises, building unit, as owner or managing agent of the owner, or any executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of the estate of the owner. Any such person thus representing the actual owner shall be bound to comply with the provisions of this chapter and of rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto, to the same extent as if he or she were the owner.        PERSON.  Any individual, firm, corporation, association, partnership, cooperative or governmental agency.        PREMISES.  A platted lot or part thereof or unplatted lot or parcel of land or plat of land, either occupied or unoccupied by a dwelling or other structure, and includes any such building or part thereof, accessory structure or other structure thereon.        PROPERTY MAINTENANCE CODE.  The International Property Maintenance Code, as adopted by the city pursuant to §§  152.15  and  152.16  of the city’s code of ordinances.        PROVISIONAL RENTAL DWELLING LICENSE.  The rental dwelling license issued after application but before inspection of a rental dwelling unit. The provisional rental dwelling license converts to a regular rental dwelling license upon successful inspection.        RENTAL DWELLING.  Any residential structure or residential or commercial building containing one or more units, which the owner or managing agent either actually rents or leases or intends to rent or lease to the public for residential purposes, excluding those buildings not covered by this chapter. This definition shall also include situations where the residential structure is occupied by a person or persons who is/are not the title owner of the structure and the title owner is being compensated for such arrangement.        RENTAL DWELLING LICENSE.  The rental dwelling license established by this chapter.        RENTAL DWELLING UNIT.  Any residential unit within a rental dwelling that is actually rented, leased or otherwise made available to the public or is intended to be rented, leased or otherwise made available to the public for residential purposes, excluding those units not covered by this chapter. This definition shall also include situations where the residential structure is occupied by a person or persons who is/are not the title owner of the structure and the title owner is being compensated for such arrangement. With regard to mixed-use properties, only those units within the parcel that are rented, leased or made available to the public for residential purposes shall require a rental dwelling license.        RENTAL INSPECTOR.  Any employee so designated by the City Manager or his or her designee, including, but not limited to, Code Enforcement Officers employed by the Code Enforcement Division.        RESIDENT.  Any adult residing within the city.        SAFETY.  The condition of being reasonably free from danger and hazards which may cause accidents or disease.        TENANT.  A person 18 years of age or older who occupies a dwelling unit and is either the owner of the unit or one who legally occupies the unit pursuant to a lease, rental agreement or other financial arrangement with the owner or managing agent.        UNIT.  A room or group of rooms located within a building forming a single habitable unit.        ZONING ORDINANCE.  The city’s Zoning Ordinance (Commissioners’ Ordinance O-22-20) and all amendments thereto. (1984 Code, § 155.03)  (Ord. O-17-20, passed 8-11-2020)      

 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
