# TITLE XV: LAND USAGE

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: American Legal Publishing
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T15:00:56.098Z

---

Powered by TranslateSkip to code content (skip section selection)Created with Sketch.2025 S-9 (current)2025 S-9 (current)Compare to:- No Earlier Versions -Covington OverviewCovington, KY Code of OrdinancesCOVINGTON, KENTUCKY CODE OF ORDINANCESADOPTING ORDINANCETITLE I: GENERAL PROVISIONSTITLE III: ADMINISTRATIONTITLE IV: FINANCIAL REGULATIONSTITLE V: PUBLIC WORKSTITLE VII: TRAFFIC CODETITLE IX: GENERAL REGULATIONSTITLE XI: BUSINESS REGULATIONSTITLE XIII: GENERAL OFFENSESTITLE XV: LAND USAGECHAPTER 150: BUILDING CODECHAPTER 151: FIRE AND SAFETY CODESCHAPTER 152: PROPERTY MAINTENANCE CODECHAPTER 153: UNIFORM RESIDENTIAL LANDLORD AND TENANT ACTCHAPTER 154: MOBILE HOMESCHAPTER 155: RENTAL DWELLING LICENSINGCHAPTER 156: COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENTCHAPTER 157: SUBDIVISIONSCHAPTER 158: NEIGHBORHOOD DEVELOPMENT CODECHAPTER 159: HISTORIC COVINGTON DESIGN GUIDELINESTABLE OF SPECIAL ORDINANCESPARALLEL REFERENCESAnnotations OffFollow ChangesShareDownloadBookmarkPrintTITLE XV: LAND USAGE Chapter 150. BUILDING CODE 151. FIRE AND SAFETY CODES 152. PROPERTY MAINTENANCE CODE 153. UNIFORM RESIDENTIAL LANDLORD AND TENANT ACT 154. MOBILE HOMES 155. RENTAL DWELLING LICENSING 156. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT 157. SUBDIVISIONS 158. NEIGHBORHOOD DEVELOPMENT CODE 159. HISTORIC COVINGTON DESIGN GUIDELINESDisclaimer: This Code of Ordinances and/or any other documents that appear on this site may not reflect the most current legislation adopted by the Municipality. American Legal Publishing provides these documents for informational purposes only. These documents should not be relied upon as the definitive authority for local legislation. Additionally, the formatting and pagination of the posted documents varies from the formatting and pagination of the official copy. The official printed copy of a Code of Ordinances should be consulted prior to any action being taken. For further information regarding the official version of any of this Code of Ordinances or other documents posted on this site, please contact the Municipality directly or contact American Legal Publishing toll-free at 800-445-5588.Hosted by: American Legal PublishingBack to Code LibraryPrevious DocNext Doc0 items available Original textRate this translationYour feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate Recaptcha requires verification. Privacy - Termsprotected by reCAPTCHAreCAPTCHA is changing its terms of service. Take action.Privacy - Terms