# TITLE V: PUBLIC WORKS

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: American Legal Publishing
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T15:00:56.098Z

---

Powered by TranslateSkip to code content (skip section selection)Created with Sketch.2025 S-9 (current)2025 S-9 (current)Compare to:- No Earlier Versions -Covington OverviewCovington, KY Code of OrdinancesCOVINGTON, KENTUCKY CODE OF ORDINANCESADOPTING ORDINANCETITLE I: GENERAL PROVISIONSTITLE III: ADMINISTRATIONTITLE IV: FINANCIAL REGULATIONSTITLE V: PUBLIC WORKSCHAPTER 50: SEWER, STORM WATER, AND WATER SYSTEMSCHAPTER 51: URBAN FORESTRYTITLE VII: TRAFFIC CODETITLE IX: GENERAL REGULATIONSTITLE XI: BUSINESS REGULATIONSTITLE XIII: GENERAL OFFENSESTITLE XV: LAND USAGETABLE OF SPECIAL ORDINANCESPARALLEL REFERENCESAnnotations OffFollow ChangesShareDownloadBookmarkPrintTITLE V: PUBLIC WORKS Chapter 50. SEWER, STORM WATER, AND WATER SYSTEMS 51. URBAN FORESTRY Editor’s note: The City of Covington manages its own Municipal Separate Storm Sewer System (MS4). Water and sanitary sewer/combined sewer systems are part of larger, county-wide operations. When utility questions arise in these areas, please contact the following: Sanitary Sewer/Combined Sewer - Sanitation District No. 1 of Kenton and Campbell Counties 212 Greenup Street Covington, Kentucky 41011 291-5021 Storm Water - City of Covington, Kentucky 20 West Pike Street Covington, Kentucky 41011 292-2292 Water - Kenton County Water District No. 1 3049 Dixie Highway Erlanger, Kentucky 41018 331-3066Disclaimer: This Code of Ordinances and/or any other documents that appear on this site may not reflect the most current legislation adopted by the Municipality. American Legal Publishing provides these documents for informational purposes only. These documents should not be relied upon as the definitive authority for local legislation. Additionally, the formatting and pagination of the posted documents varies from the formatting and pagination of the official copy. The official printed copy of a Code of Ordinances should be consulted prior to any action being taken. For further information regarding the official version of any of this Code of Ordinances or other documents posted on this site, please contact the Municipality directly or contact American Legal Publishing toll-free at 800-445-5588.Hosted by: American Legal PublishingBack to Code LibraryPrevious DocNext Doc0 items available Original textRate this translationYour feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate Recaptcha requires verification. Privacy - Termsprotected by reCAPTCHAreCAPTCHA is changing its terms of service. Take action.Privacy - Terms