# TITLE XI: BUSINESS REGULATIONS

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: American Legal Publishing
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T15:00:56.098Z

---

Powered by TranslateSkip to code content (skip section selection)Created with Sketch.2025 S-9 (current)2025 S-9 (current)Compare to:- No Earlier Versions -Covington OverviewCovington, KY Code of OrdinancesCOVINGTON, KENTUCKY CODE OF ORDINANCESADOPTING ORDINANCETITLE I: GENERAL PROVISIONSTITLE III: ADMINISTRATIONTITLE IV: FINANCIAL REGULATIONSTITLE V: PUBLIC WORKSTITLE VII: TRAFFIC CODETITLE IX: GENERAL REGULATIONSTITLE XI: BUSINESS REGULATIONSCHAPTER 110: LICENSE FEES AND TAXESCHAPTER 111: ADVERTISINGCHAPTER 112: ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGESCHAPTER 113: AMUSEMENTS AND RECREATIONCHAPTER 114: SOLICITORS, PEDDLERS AND ITINERANT MERCHANTSCHAPTER 115: DETECTIVE AND GUARD AGENCIESCHAPTER 116: INSURANCE COMPANIESCHAPTER 117: SECONDHAND DEALERS AND PAWN SHOPSCHAPTER 118: MARRIAGE BROKERSCHAPTER 119: VEHICLE AND LIVERY BUSINESSESCHAPTER 120: SEXUALLY-ORIENTED BUSINESSESCHAPTER 121: PERSONAL SALESCHAPTER 122: DISCONTINUING BUSINESS SALESCHAPTER 123: JOBS DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVESCHAPTER 124: HOMELESS SHELTERS AND TRANSITIONAL LIVINGCHAPTER 125: SEXUAL ORIENTATION OR GENDER IDENTITY CHANGE EFFORTSCHAPTER 126: MASSAGE THERAPISTS AND PERSONS PROVIDING MASSAGE IN EXCHANGE FOR MONEYCHAPTER 127: SHORT-TERM RENTALSCHAPTER 128: MEDICAL CANNABISTITLE XIII: GENERAL OFFENSESTITLE XV: LAND USAGETABLE OF SPECIAL ORDINANCESPARALLEL REFERENCESAnnotations OffFollow ChangesShareDownloadBookmarkPrintTITLE XI: BUSINESS REGULATIONS Chapter 110. LICENSE FEES AND TAXES 111. ADVERTISING 112. ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES 113. AMUSEMENTS AND RECREATION 114. SOLICITORS, PEDDLERS AND ITINERANT MERCHANTS 115. DETECTIVE AND GUARD AGENCIES 116. INSURANCE COMPANIES 117. SECONDHAND DEALERS AND PAWN SHOPS 118. MARRIAGE BROKERS 119. VEHICLE AND LIVERY BUSINESSES 120. SEXUALLY-ORIENTED BUSINESSES 121. PERSONAL SALES 122. DISCONTINUING BUSINESS SALES 123. JOBS DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVES 124. HOMELESS SHELTERS AND TRANSITIONAL LIVING 125. SEXUAL ORIENTATION OR GENDER IDENTITY CHANGE EFFORTS 126. MASSAGE THERAPISTS AND PERSONS PROVIDING MASSAGE IN EXCHANGE FOR MONEY 127. SHORT-TERM RENTALS 128. MEDICAL CANNABISDisclaimer: This Code of Ordinances and/or any other documents that appear on this site may not reflect the most current legislation adopted by the Municipality. American Legal Publishing provides these documents for informational purposes only. These documents should not be relied upon as the definitive authority for local legislation. Additionally, the formatting and pagination of the posted documents varies from the formatting and pagination of the official copy. The official printed copy of a Code of Ordinances should be consulted prior to any action being taken. For further information regarding the official version of any of this Code of Ordinances or other documents posted on this site, please contact the Municipality directly or contact American Legal Publishing toll-free at 800-445-5588.Hosted by: American Legal PublishingBack to Code LibraryPrevious DocNext Doc0 items available Original textRate this translationYour feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate Recaptcha requires verification. Privacy - Termsprotected by reCAPTCHAreCAPTCHA is changing its terms of service. Take action.Privacy - Terms