# Chapter 153: Uniform Residential Landlord and Tenant Act

**Jurisdiction**: Covington, KY
**Source**: [American Legal Publishing](https://codelibrary.amlegal.com/codes/covington/latest/covington_ky/0-0-0-25977)
**Scraped**: 2026-01-02T16:40:51.929Z

---

§ 153.01  PURPOSE; POLICIES.    (A)   This chapter shall be liberally construed and applied to promote its underlying purposes and policies.    (B)   Underlying purposes and policies of this chapter are:       (1)   To encourage landlords and tenants to maintain and improve the quality of housing; and       (2)   To make uniform the law with respect to the subject of this chapter among those states which enact it. (KRS 383.505)  (1984 Code, § 153.01)  (Ord. O-29-85, passed 5-29-1985)  § 153.02  PRINCIPLES OF LAW AND EQUITY.    Unless displaced by the provisions of this chapter, the principles of law and equity, including the law relating to capacity to contract, mutuality of obligations, principal and agent, real property, public health, safety and fire prevention, estoppel, fraud, misrepresentation, duress, coercion, mistake, bankruptcy or other validating or invalidating cause supplement its provisions. (KRS 383.510)  (1984 Code, § 153.02)  (Ord. O-29-85, passed 5-29-1985)  § 153.03  CONSTRUCTION.    This chapter being a general act intended as a unified coverage of its subject matter, no part of it is to be construed as impliedly repealed by subsequent legislation if that construction can reasonably be avoided. (KRS 383.515)  (1984 Code, § 153.03)  (Ord. O-29-85, passed 5-29-1985)  § 153.04  ADMINISTRATION OF REMEDIES; ENFORCEMENT.    (A)   The remedies provided by this chapter shall be so administered that an aggrieved party may recover appropriate damages. The aggrieved party has a duty to mitigate damages.    (B)   Any right or obligation declared by this chapter is enforceable by action unless the provision declaring it specifies a different and limited effect. (KRS 383.520)  (1984 Code, § 153.04)  (Ord. O-29-85, passed 5-29-1985)  § 153.05  SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTED CLAIM OR RIGHT.    A claim or right arising under this chapter or on a rental agreement, if disputed in good faith, may be settled by agreement. (KRS 383.525)  (1984 Code, § 153.05)  (Ord. O-29-85, passed 5-29-1985)  § 153.06  EXCLUSIONS FROM APPLICATION.    The following arrangements are not governed by this chapter:    (A)   Residence at an institution, public or private, if incidental to detention or the provision of medical, geriatric, educational counseling, religious or similar service;    (B)   Occupancy under a contract of sale of a dwelling unit or the property of which it is a part, if the occupant is the purchaser or a person who succeeds to his or her interest;    (C)   Occupancy by a member of a fraternal or social organization in the portion of a structure operated for the benefit of the organization;    (D)   Transient occupancy in a hotel, or motel, or lodgings subject to the state’s Transient Lodgings or Room Occupancy Excise Tax Act;    (E)   Occupancy by an employee of a landlord whose right to occupancy is conditional upon employment in and about the premises;    (F)   Occupancy by an owner of a condominium unit or a holder of a proprietary lease in a cooperative; and    (G)   Occupancy of a dwelling unit located on land devoted to the production of livestock, livestock products, poultry, poultry products or the growing of tobacco or other crops including timber. (KRS 383.535)  (1984 Code, § 153.06)  (Ord. O-29-85, passed 5-29-1985)      

 Oprindelig tekst Bedøm denne oversættelse Din feedback bruges til at hjælpe med at forbedre Google Oversæt
